Good night family How are
you good night to whoever
has it Hello Good night family How
are you good night to whoever
has it To myself Well let's turn on
some lights let's turn on some
lights even if it's a little soft how are you how did
you spend your Saturday I hope today is Saturday
yes Today is Saturday no oh my goodness I do
n't even know what day I'm living but the
long weekend is driving me even crazier
if possible the long weekend is driving me
even crazier if
possible tremendous eh about today today we're coming in
hot eh today you're coming in hot with this
topic today we're coming in hot family let's
see how the hell How the hell is it possible that
the president of the
government and the president of the
generalitat show up asking for
money or rather how how is this that they've
opened a nation for whoever wants to
help then the [ __ ] looted that bleeds
us that
bleeds us dry every month and every quarter and every year
no no money I mean there's no money
for this there's money for prostitutes
for cocaine for 300 advisors  For
deputy I mean what the [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] do you have to be a [ __ ] eh You have to
be a son of a [ __ ] eh But what the [ __ ] money
are you asking for I mean let's see if there are
balls okay let's see if there are balls that
I see when the youtubers are here that
if a youtuber comes out who goes to Andorra
that if another youtuber who does I don't know what
trick to pay less Treasury let's
see if I see the clowns of the
Gráfica of the ice cream okay of the ice cream
to explain to us how good the
taxes are with the with the ice cream not with the with
The cones no eh that they are going
to shove ice cream up their ass
okay hospitals
eh roads and and
hospitals roads and
hospitals my mother who
gave birth to me
wait there is no one
banned it's not that it sends balls eh it's that it
sends balls man let's see I'm going to go to I'm going to
go to my
Twitter only the people save the people
man but it shouldn't
tremendous
eh
tremendous Let's see let's start to see
things no
Javi I'm not surprised by my law on the
floods  here he did the same thing
fix yourselves and people still believe him oh
my goodness
look let's see things okay I've been
sharing here let's see
okay Pedro
Sanchez's speech This morning Pedro
Sanchez's speech This morning okay And it is that the
central government is ready to help it
is ready After 4 days it is it is
ready to
help no it was not ready at the moment
4 days suddenly Hey, let you know
that the government is ready to help
but what are you
telling me you son of a [ __ ]
that on Wednesday
the army should be there and all the
aid there trailers of
food firefighters with a shovel
bailing out the water cleaning the streets
what are you telling me that
4 other days have passed that they found today a
lady who had been with the
body of her sister-in-law for three days no So there are
people who are still
missing who are alive eh Let's see
as the hours go by it gets more
complicated but today a
gentleman appeared an older man okay I think
the man was like on a
rooftop on the floor above something
like that and an older lady that we will
surely see  the clip will come out here
okay yes they have found a baby they have
found a baby but
no I don't know if they have found
who the parents are yet but they have
found a baby that is fine and and and they
are looking to see who the
parents are complicated that eh
eh they are raping women okay they are
committing all kinds of crimes
okay robberies rapes looting of
businesses that are busted no I mean that is
the purge that is the purge
and this guy jumps out at me
clean clean clean clean
to
say that they are prepared to
help they have given it to the family Okay
my goodness Well, after
three days a baby After three days, wow,
how their hearts must have been these
days Eh giving him up for
dead this is
tremendous if he needs more resources, let him
ask for them yeah
yes you need more resources, let him ask for them [ __ ]
what are you telling me what the [ __ ]
man if they need more resources, let him
ask for them yeah well come on okay okay If
what you have sent is not enough for them, they
will give you a call Pedro that what
you have sent is eh exactly nothing
LoL dude they're still
criticizing those who are
helping Who are helping here in
this cause the youtubers I don't even know
how many youtubers have already made
crowdfunding direct
charity donations eh now grees is preparing
dude a turkey today a clown today criticizing
gref telling him like gref is
preparing a Stream to raise
funds and a clown starts criticizing him
saying Ah well what you should
do is pay taxes in
Spain you can be more of a piece of
[ __ ] you can be more of a piece of [ __ ]
why is the kid going to pay taxes in
Spain to pay half to the State
half of what he earns and not go a
penny for these
things they don't go for these things dude suck a
and you're going to forgive me today for the
vocabulary I'm having but
suck my penis a little when you
come to me to tell me that taxes are
necessary for these things because they don't
go to these things they go to beach bars to
get on and get the salary that comes out
of the dick of these
scoundrels cocaine prostitutes
all kinds of corruption has come out
what
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] Because there are still
corrupt people who take the money,
still from time to time some corrupt person,
not like it turned out in that case, that they
were spending the money on
prostitutes and cocaine. Well, but then
when these things happen, there is money,
the coffers are not there, no, and at the moment they have
the army there, the streets are being
cleaned,
and trailers of food and water, not for
everyone, they haven't done a [ __ ], they haven't done a
[ __ ], of course there are going to be 2,000 dead,
man, I said it yesterday, fre. Of course, of course, if there are
2,000 reports of
disappearances, there is no need to prioritize
some municipalities over others or
prioritize tasks, priority is given when there is a
lack of resources and that is not the
case, it does not have to happen therefore, the
Valencian community requires more
personnel, machinery, financing or
technical advice than this, what it has to do
is ask for it and we will
administer it as we are doing
immediately and we will administer it
immediately, you know what happens, this
roll is because yes, it is true that And
this is like this. I mean, Pedro Sánchez is receiving a lot of
criticism today,
but in reality, the one who has to  eh
request okay the one that has to give the
step is the Autonomous Community And do you know
why they don't request it because they see it as
a
eh I mean
the government of the
Valencian Community is from the PP and the central government of Spain, let's
say, is not from Pedro Sánchez, it
's not the PSOE So they see it as a
sign of weakness having to tell them Hey, we
need help, get yourselves together you sons of
[ __ ], get yourselves
together but from the first afternoon, from the
first
morning Listen to this man, this is
tremendous What I would like is for the
government to step into the mud What the hell has to
happen in this country for Rajoy to
visit La Ribera del Lebro to see
in situ the natural catastrophe that
we are seeing today here in
Navarra, in Aragon, in Castilla León, in La
Rioja What the hell has to happen for
Rajoy to leave Moncloa and step into the
mud, be with the neighbors, with the
farmers, with the winners I am
absolutely outraged It seems to me that
we have a president of the government that does
not govern but rather misgoverns,
uncoordinated and consequently It
seems to me that  We have a president of the
government who turns his back on the problems of
the people and I think that this could have been
resolved, that the impact of this flood could have been lessened by cleaning the riverbeds by implementing a comprehensive policy of prevention for the Ebro River because it's not the first time this has happened, it's the fourth flood we've had in one month in 2003 in 2007 in 2013 now in 2015
what should not have happened has happened again
because we need a
government that governs, that coordinates the
response, that is close to the people,
the farmers and the ranchers and
that Moncloa doesn't lock itself up and my
question is, what the hell has to happen in
this country for Rajoy to step into the mud and
come to Aragon, also visit Aragon,
also visit Navarra, La Rioja and
Castilla León so that he can be with the people
and with the ranchers and
farmers. What's the newspaper archive like? eh
What's the newspaper archive like and here you have it.
This is about the lady that we're going to
see next, okay, let's go, let's go
freak out a little with this tweet from Carlos
Mason okay responsible for huge
losses that Valencia has had this
week Okay I mean The more we know
about the things that are happening in
Valencia the more outrageous they are okay and here
the president of the
Valencian generalitat asking for money What the [ __ ] is
this what the [ __ ] is
this and this is from the PP there are scoundrels
everywhere eh what the [ __ ] is this
gentlemen they piss in our
[ __ ] faces and we open our
mouths these things we must not
forget when the time comes to
the polls eh you know what
happens then we will still be
idiots okay Look what we see Look
okay Look Look
this guy can be more of an
idiot I mean gref puts a tweet and says they have
approved the idea of ​​a
charity live show to help those affected by
Dana sorry for not doing it before
but I was preparing something really
significant tomorrow I will give you the info blah
blah no and this guy takes and
says it would help and would be more honest than paying
taxes In Spain you can be more of an
idiot  [ __ ] almost
November 3rd you are still capable of
messing with a youtuber because he doesn't
pay taxes because he doesn't pay taxes in Spain so
that they don't steal from him that they are legalized thieves
legalized thieves and very well answered he has
broken his whole mouth gref look seen what I've
seen I don't believe seen what I've seen I don't believe
Palma Where is the aid for
Palma they don't help a [ __ ] [ __ ] they
help Morocco when they
ask them they help everyone they help everyone
except the
Spanish I mean what the [ __ ] How can you
be so stupid but how can you be so
stupid and how can there be 12,000
idiots here who liked that
tweet I mean
guy who haven't set foot in Valencia they have
n't set foot in
Valencia they haven't sent anything they haven't
done
anything the government hasn't done anything they have
left those who pay stranded I mean they have
left those who pay taxes
those who have the coffers working they
have left them
stranded And there are still 12,000 [ __ ]
who have given a like to a guy saying
that it's good that it doesn't help much
because it doesn't pay taxes  eat my [ __ ]
balls you son of a
[ __ ] what for if I had paid taxes in
Spain what would the money be used for
then we
are stupid man if we
get what we
deserve if we get what we
deserve No more no less
what the [ __ ] is this [ __ ] [ __ ] what the [ __ ] is
this [ __ ] shame donation account
affected by the Dana and the money and what we
pay How about How about a How about
a donation account How about How about a donation
account
But this What kind of joke
is this a
donation account But if the day before yesterday they
passed the self-employed fee to all the
self-employed who are locked in their
houses without being able to go out
It's that I I Seriously what the [ __ ] is
this a [ __ ] joke kid a [ __ ]
joke man let's see
things let's
see
things Pio if each Spaniard gave a peseta
but not to me where do they have it makes
me angry to see on Twitter and see
Spaniards like you're in Andorra you would
help more in Spain a lot of Valencia
But and Palestine and also the Sinó
donate anonymously it's called
advertising
eh tremendous eh Who has helped
Valencia so far Who has
helped the youtubers
love them Ortega the businessmen those who
criticize man those who point out those who
point out are the ones who now have had to
help because those who take the
money that they bleed us dry have not
used it they do not take it out for
this it is tremendous it is a [ __ ] outrage it
is a [ __ ] outrage Look how
everything is
man
Oh God of my
life come on and this is already because of the
neighbors themselves and everything
eh the roads you see they have made like
roads removing all the things no I
mean from the
people themselves from the people themselves
This is the lady okay rescued she had
been surviving for 3 days next to the corpse of
her
sister-in-law God
eh TR
days three days
man TR days
[Music]
the shoka they sent food
water what has the shoc done the sha they have
done what they have not done
here look Juan Ramón and speaking of
amanci ortiga I saw one saying he
only donated 40 million having 100
billion if you earn a thousand donate alone  20
euros more help and I am tremendous
really is that we are is that we are
idiots is that we are
idiots the queen emeritus 50,000 Ah I did not
know it
incredible that to help those
affected by a natural catastrophe
our hypertrophied state must ask for
charity from citizens who already pay
disproportionate amounts of taxes
supposedly among other things to
face these catastrophes, I mean
let's see we pay No And there
we pay an outrageous
senseless outrageous senseless amount of
taxes
in theory so that nothing is missing
we have what we have and now
this happens and we have to ask for
money let's
see now let's put a little the
youtubers who have turned upside down okay with the
subject look look here is data here is
data Look 300 million to Mauritania 800
million to Morocco 3.5 million extra
to an RV 2 billion to Venezuela and
Cuba 16 million for Palestine 554
million in government advertising but
for the  Valencians if they want help let them
ask for it and the other doing a little
more and a crowdfunding no
This was tremendous eh this chick was
tremendous
yesterday here too it will not be allowed
bodies will not be released to families
relatives will not be allowed access to the
area where we have all
the deceased in custody So ​​they have to
wait compulsorily for the call
from the court and the delivery of the
relevant documentation and the families
in the best place where they can wait for
news of their relatives is in their
homes
How
little how little empathy how
little you that we are in the first
sectors here in
the Spanish Police
is
killed today a policeman reacting
when he finds out that he is the first person they are the
first to arrive to
help this town terrifying terrifying
to
see
Spanish do you know how long it took the
Spanish army to arrive after the earthquake in
Haiti in 48 hours 450 troops were there
and after the Tsunami in Southeast
Asia 72 hours 650
troops ready earthquake in Turkey 48 hours in  Algeria
24 hours taser hurricane mit in
Central America 72 hours and now we're going to
talk about Valencia more than 100 dead
here next door thousands missing and
totally incalculable losses but
here on our own soil where is
that same urgency to be completely
out eh the machinery moves in the blink
of an eye eh whatever it
takes Not at the political level but here and
here the acronyms come into play whether you
are from the PP or the PSOE those who suffer
are us the
citizens they told us that democracy
was the voice of the people but what good is it
if our voice is not heard instead of
joining forces those at the top choose to do
cheap politics sitting on their hands
while thousands of citizens are left to their
fate Popular Party PSOE
empty acronyms when it comes to understanding and
responding to a real emergency But you
know who does respond
the people the videos of the citizens
Rescuing the unknown the truth is
that they have an impact helping in the middle of a
catastrophe, that is, right there in the middle of the mess
and then that is the power of the people that
is the true Union and even so we cannot
forget that the tragedy  it is not
resolved only with good will let's see
weeks of cold
media oblivion come Christmas So where will
our
politicians be If we want a policy that
represents us we have to build it
ourselves I have already set an alarm and I
invite you to do the same every
week for the next year I will remember
I have set an alarm that
Simply says Valencia and every
week well I will see what I can do for
them if I can go help eh
spread the word we will build the
change it will not be the politicians eh Neither those
of today nor those of tomorrow
we will do it true democracy begins
by remembering, by acting and by choosing
better To those we entrust our voices
and our
future nothing I hope that this video has not
made you reflect and that
apart from joining all the actions
that there are, do not forget that do not
forget that we learn from this I think that is the
most
important thing is forgotten Of course it is forgotten
but yes yes it has already been forgotten if it is that they have
never been up to the task Mark Vidal on the fight between
parties after the
Dana disaster versal I don't know if it happens to you
look wherever you look Robles Sánchez mazón
feijó  Look wherever you look, the inability and
the will to take advantage of all
these people or to expose the
administration of the other political color
is beginning to be obscene, right? And the truth
is that is what it seems. Even so, let's take it step
by step because there are some things I would
like to reflect on. Let's start with the
facts. The Minister of Defense
today, this morning, Margarita Robles
assured that the army could not
mobilize in time because they
needed a request, I don't know, a
somewhat formal form from the
Autonomous Community. She is the one who said that well, it's
been 5,000 years since this happened
when floods illustrate an
absolutely recurrent pattern of
catastrophic events in that area, especially
in autumn when the most
torrential rains, cold drops as we used to
call them, are absolutely
common in the southeast of the Iberian Peninsula. I
don't know the Santa Teresa flood, the San Francisco flood, the San Carlos flood, the San Calixto flood, the Virgen del Pilar flood, the Alicante floods, the Granada floods in 1972.  the
82 the T swamp I don't know there have
been many not the Alicante flood itself
of
1987 very important floods that there
were in
1997 I don't know obviously not 5000 years ago
also the minister of defense
also assures that although they responded to the
call at the time the land now
that they are there is so
destroyed that it complicates access which is why they
cannot arrive as soon as they would like
I don't know but journalists from
all media are there people
like Ángel Gaitán Iker Jiménez
Rubén jber himself who I mentioned yesterday all of them
managed to get to the area quickly Eh
Shortly after the disaster occurred
nothing the same day they did nothing Well I don't
know maybe I don't know how how they participate in
mystery programs they teleport I
don't know and let's analyze the matter it's
been 4 days and since the disaster and
after the request of President Mazón well
so far only
100 more soldiers have been sent to the entire
devastated region second element in those
same 96 hours many areas are
still without water without food just now I
was watching the  broadcasts of
some And they still talk about corpses in
family garages waiting outside
their homes because inside their
homes are the lifeless bodies of
their loved ones and they don't want to be inside there
Yes there is a third element TR
days later four days later There is still
no official figure of
missing people official nor a platform
where citizens can report
the disappearances of family members or
even friends the silence on
these issues and the lack of information
all they do is aggravate the pain the
pain that everyone already feels it is
true that it has been leaked in some
way that the missing are now about
1900 but it is not official at
all it is about a leaked minute a screenshot of a crisis meeting between Marlasca and Mazón in that crisis cabinet But wait is there something else in the middle of this chaos Feijó himself decided to support Mazón the next day to consider that the delay in
notifying citizens before the alert
that the mistakes made or the
refusal to ask for the intervention of the
army that all of that is correct and he
gives him support like everyone else wanted to make
politics with all of
this and now we'll see  What does all
this mean? Beyond the drama itself,
which we should never lose
sight of, which we should never forget, the
first issue is that the state of the
autonomous communities is collapsing. I don't know if
the protocols, the bureaucracy, the
purely partisan interests are
drowning the possibility of making
effective decisions in situations like
this emergency. It turns out that the
residents of Valencia are the ones who are
currently paying the price of a
system that they said was very
modern but that is incapable of
coordinating in times of need
like the current one. There is a second element.
This is a state without reflexes, without
leadership, the central administration
also seems paralyzed, not just the
autonomous one, there is no one at the wheel, no one
who can ignore it. For example, in a
time like the current one, the
autonomous bureaucratic protocol barriers and
acting quickly. Consequently, what
we have now is a failed state,
at least it seems so, incapable of
responding with the speed and efficiency
that is required and ignore whatever it takes
while you see that others are not capable of
solving it. I
will come back to this in 2 minutes, the third
point, clear, no. I mean, let's see if  there are
people Eh who have power who have
responsibility who have command that does not require
a bureaucratic role not to
prove something army over there this one this
squadron over there is the disconnect
that I was talking about yesterday in a video
unbridgeable that exists between politicians and
reality it turns out that the leaders I do
n't know if you realize they seem to live in
a parallel world they are disconnected from
the needs of the citizens and they
show it by talking about how everything is
there when it is not or that everything
possible is being done when it is not being
done that Abyss between those at the
top and the people is increasingly
evident and certainly more dangerous
Let's see a video that they
sent me here from
Rubén dear friends I have already told it
but I am going to try to make a video to
explain everything in a very succinct way
very clear very objective so that
everyone can understand what has happened and
what is happening in Valencia there has been
a high point in the
Valencian community where a
torrent of water fell more than 400 L per square meter
an outrage a high area that is
the Buñol pot in the  Chiva area
etcetera etcetera well that area includes
a series of ravines a series of
water mothers that end in some
towns that are Hortas,
La Ribera eh Hoya de Buñol etcetera etcetera
all the south of the city of
Valencia all those towns the rising
water obviously has caused
ravines to overflow their banks and
tributaries and this has caused
unprecedented material destruction in
Valencia unprecedented it is estimated that there will
be eh they say figures more than 1000
dead surely 450,000 affected by the
populations a true outrage the
magnitude of what has happened obviously
obviously requires the intervention
of all the resources of the state not
only those of us who are here from
all the security services the
public administration health the
NGOs everything has to be coordinated from all
the state and it has to come here because
this is an unprecedented humanitarian catastrophe
I repeat and you will see
later what happens it happens that the
human tragedy that has a greater political cost
which are the victims and the
wounded there is a responsibility already  in
this which is the generality of the
anana community of Mr. Mazon and the
popular party Why Because
obviously they are ravines are areas where
more could have been cleaned and above
all because the population was not
warned the population of the
towns south of picaña p Porta masan
NASA venetus Alfa Far albal catarroja
that a torrent of water was coming that had already
overflowed half an hour before the
ravine in Chiva and Buñol no
one was warned the ravine overflows at
6:30 and the Civil Protection notice
arrives at 8:15 obviously many people
were working many people were in
the streets many people were in their
businesses it is not at 8 to anyone the
ravine overflows at 6:30 and the
Civil Protection notice arrives at
8:15 obviously many people were
working many people were in the
streets many people were in their
businesses no one expected
such a large torrent of water there are people who lowered the
blinds the torrent of water came and
many people have drowned and many
They have been carried away by the current So
the central government does not want to declare
a state of alarm because the moment they
declare a state of alarm
What should
the central government do? Manage
the entire post-catastrophe central government of
Pedro Sánchez and the PSOE? The
central government thinks, wow, I'm going to eat the
management of a catastrophe of
maybe 2,000 dead and I don't know how many, 1,000
injured. When this has been the fault of the
generalitat and the PP, let
Amazon eat it and let the PP eat it and let
the generalitat eat it. That is literally what is happening,
literally what is happening, that is why
the aid is not arriving, that is why it is
not arriving, that is why
we, the citizens, are here bringing
masks, buying, removing the mud,
removing cars, coordinating,
bring in the army, it is to guarantee
security, so that the streets can be cleaned, so that
the vehicles can be removed, to
reestablish minimum circulation as well
as establish technicians, establish everything
necessary to bring back the electricity, to
bring back the water in many areas where there is
still no water, there is no hygiene.
We are talking about we are in the fifth
day, five days already of stagnant water  with
sewage with deaths etcetera
etcetera there aren't even masks
or gloves for the people who are
removing mud that is already there obviously there is
a bacteriological culture that could
now unleash a second problem
even bigger than the first in
health terms that is why today I am going
where I can to buy alcoholic jido
to buy masks to buy gloves
to buy suits to distribute them where I
can but what is happening do not be
fooled is this the Yalit government
made a very serious mistake not foreseeing
not taking the necessary preventive and precautionary measures
yes and without warning Yes
now once the catastrophe has occurred the
central government which is the one that should take
charge because it is the only one that can
mobilize the only one I repeat that this is the
key the only one that can mobilize everything
necessary to attend to this
catastrophe is the central government the
generality of the Valencian community does
not have sufficient means
local police civil guards are coming
from all points in fact
eh it has already come out let's
see what
eyelash Oh [ __ ] I can't see
it has this turkey already come out
em to admit  that the situation is
beyond him and that he cannot manage it
from the Generalitat in 4 days. Eh, 4 days
after the catastrophe, look, here we have
the
immediate growth CLP that
the President of the Government made this morning and,
given the growing and undeniable
needs of the moment, I announce the
immediate constitution of five
immediate response groups to the crisis
caused by Dana. These
response groups will act on my delegation and will be
headed by different regional
ministers of the Valencian Government.
The health group will be headed by the
Minister of Health, Marciano Gómez.
I request the immediate incorporation into
this committee of the Minister of Health,
Mónica García. Secondly, the
immediate response group for
infrastructure, which will be headed by the
Minister of Environment,
Infrastructure and Territory, Vicente
Martínez Mus. Clearly, he has to ask for it, in
which the Minister
of Agriculture, Miguel Barrachina, will also participate. Of course,
what Pedro Sánchez is
saying is, ask for it, if you don't ask for it, I can't
send it to you, as if the problem
is yours, you are the one who has to ask for
help, the one who says what you need. I request
incorporation.  immediate from the
Minister of Transport Oscar Puente to the
offer that
has tremendous tremendous
tremendous tremendous points from all
points of the Valencian Community but it is
needed from all points of Spain
military bulldozers excavators that
we are bringing the people from here the
farmers the self-employed That are the people
who are coming to remove the you
are seeing it in my live broadcasts and in my
Stories on Instagram Those are the people who
are really rehabilitating the passage the
passage only for some removing moving
mud moving cars
etcetera etcetera But this is
literally what is happening ladies and
gentlemen a fight to see who
takes the political blame for this
catastrophe the citizens and the victims
here 450,000 I repeat dozens of
municipalities are neglected the
town halls are overwhelmed embroidered
in every sense because even
when help arrives everything collapses
the trucks get together with those who are
trying to go to help the
local police here who are doing an
improvised job to the civil guard the
municipalities cannot it is that they do not  They can do what needs to be
done, establish a
command center here, a command center that
coordinates the central government that brings
everything necessary from all points of
Spain and redistributes it to the municipalities.
That is what should be done, that is what
some of us are doing more or less
with the trucks that we are coordinating
to come and such, but we do not
have the means, nor do we have
the responsibility. Of course, the desire
to help and for this and for
this to go forward and to help as many
people as possible. I could tell you
thousands of stories that are very popular on television.
A baby was found here
today in Catarroja, a baby in
a place they don't know where it comes from, they
are feeding it. And let's see, it will be
taken to its relatives,
terrible stories, but that is not what it is about, it is
about explaining so that everyone
understands what is happening. On top of that,
some of us who are here are going to buy,
coordinating, helping, removing, uh,
getting into the mud, on top of that, we are being
defamed on television. As I saw yesterday, they
are spreading hoaxes. This is what
is happening, ladies and gentlemen, the
police here are very  hot the
security services here are very
hot the
security forces are you can't imagine
because obviously they know what's
happening and if it weren't for the
tens of thousands if not millions of
volunteers who are coming to help
remove, clean up, bring in, attend to
I don't want to imagine what
this would be like it is certainly already a
tragedy of biblical preparations I don't
want to imagine where we would end up this
is the reality of what is happening I
ask you please to spread this video so that
everyone can see the
very serious systemic problem that we have with this
political class here The important thing is
who on election day
tomorrow when the general elections could be just
around the corner is going to take
this dead that's what
the controversial ones are thinking totally totally
Ruben great video eh great the
reason I wanted to share several things with you
okay And from the moment we see this
then you can if someone wants to come in and
tell their testimony or someone wants to
tell us something say something you can do it
okay I have several things here
that we're looking at in the meantime but I
wanted to share okay And
we're going to do this excerpt  also to let everyone
know all the ways to help
financially right now that there are and And
maybe not only financially
but some
famous YouTubers journalists are there
moving things or with
trucks or cleaning or
moving food or whatever okay This
extract is basically going to deal with
all the possibilities of help there are
What can I do if I'm from Galicia and
I want to help or I want to donate Or I
have time I want to work I want to
volunteer okay in this extract
below You're going to see all the
possibilities there are Okay this as I already
told you Okay as I promised you
yesterday is the Stream that
gref is preparing which by the way is really cool not really
cool today there were still people
throwing in his face whether to pay taxes in
Spain or not that if you pay taxes in Spain there
would be more help for Spain screw his
balls screw his balls if
YouTubers pay taxes in Spain then they would
have more money for prostitutes
surely more than one and more than two Hello
everyone in this video I'm going to announce
my charity live to help
everyone  victims of the Dana and I'm
going to explain the details about how it's
going to work at this point for
all of you who are Spanish. I think it's
not necessary to give context of the
situation but it possibly is
necessary for all those followers
that I have from outside of Spain because
perhaps the information has not reached you
in full. The Dana is the biggest
natural disaster that has left the most
fatalities in the history of Spain when I
am yes it is the one that
has left the most fatalities in Spain
so at the natural disaster level let's see
officials no no official no no but
of course it is intuited that yes no of
disasters of
natural disasters well it doesn't matter if it's not the one that
most it's one of the ones that is recording
this video already more than 200 people
and thousands of missing what's really
worrying is that there are areas that have not been
able to be explored that are well
speaking of areas that have not been able to be
explored here you have the Bonaire shopping center
of this shopping center
we were talking yesterday for a while no a long time
no this garage that you see here is
still flooded at this moment okay
this is a garage that has about 6000
squares and to this day it is still
flooded
obviously
so it is going to be strong it is going to be strong
When this
water drains
eh my goodness man this shopping center
is the shopping center that is usually the
most crowded okay it is usually the
busiest let's
say enormous I mean imagine not 6000
parking spaces imagine what the
shopping center is like it is the largest shopping center
in Valencia Okay at the moment they
are telling me through the chat that today there are
87 confirmed deaths in this
shopping center and totally flooded
like the parking lot of the largest shopping center
in Valencia what the [ __ ] [ __ ] I just
finished it [ __ ] I read the thought
that you can see in there it is really
scary the authorities and the people
are totally involved in the issue and
the reality is that the images are very,
very shocking before
announcing what the charity live will consist of
because it is similar to what we
did with Frank at the sanctuary
but with some more special things
because the occasion requires it I want you all to
know that I have seen and read all the
opinions or the vast majority since
yesterday  I announced that I was going to do this
charity live and obviously there are both
good opinions like Thank you greev go
ahead and bad opinions like mm you
shouldn't do this you live in Spain and pay
taxes in Spain etcetera etcetera
etcetera I want to say honestly that
I understand all the opinions and I
understand the logic on which they are
based and I respect all types of
opinions and I
want you to know that the best thing for me in this situation for my image as a public person would be to do absolutely nothing to keep quiet and not talk about this issue because at the same time that positive opinions are generated negative opinions are also generated but I also know that I am privileged and that I am in a
position where I can raise a
significant amount of money that will
help a lot of people people who surely
are not arguing on
social networks whether this is right or wrong and
simply for that reason I am going to do it the
live will be on the green platform on
the kik streaming platform and the
way to help donate money will be
through a subscription which as you know
costs $ In addition to that you can also
give away subscriptions as many as you
want to contribute to the live  charity will
start at 3 pm
Spanish time tomorrow Sunday the 3rd there was a
tweet today that went very viral also
had like 500,000 likes the tweet okay it
said what a mania that youtubers have
of beating their chests pretending that they are
going to donate a lot when in
reality they donate the money to the people
well from here I want to answer
that person who wrote that t
surely there will surely be several more or
less similar tweets okay you are right I mean
when a youtuber
organizes a charity stream and raises
money the money does not come out of their pocket
but I repeat the money for the
hospitals the money for the roads the
money that should be eh Right now being
used on trucks bringing
water and food to Valencia the money
that should be being used on
armies people cleaning people
removing corpses people removing
vehicles no more than 100,000 cars that are
there that are scrap right now
not
in those resources that should be there well they
should have spent it on
helping Valencia at this time
all the resources possible and I don't know why
why haven't they done it because that money does
n't come out of the pocket of the person who
has to put it in, it comes out of the
pockets of the Spanish people who
are bled dry every month. Eh well we are
swindled, thief, call it what you
want, it's legal theft,
legalized theft, not for these people who
take the salary they want, the
vacations they want, they set up
shacks to get family members
to work, anyway, they
do whatever they want with that money, everything they want
except what they have to do. So
from here I remind you that, that it's good that
since a youtuber takes and has the power
because in reality a youtuber has the
power, well, the money doesn't come out
of his pocket, no, money will also come out
of his pocket, money will come out of his
pocket and surely the platform
will have given money for being gref and
he puts that money in without further ado, he has the
possibility that other people don't have and he
has the possibility that his
followers will maybe put in 5
each and
300,000 will be raised, okay if you know how to do it best. Well,
maybe if you don't know how to do it,
better shut the [ __ ]
up  November and will end at 11 at
night which would have a
total duration of 8 hours the reason for
doing it on Kick boys and girls is
quite simple And it is a
platform from which you get practically
the entire value of the subscription and I
think that it is a very good option to
raise money on this occasion and this
is possibly the most important thing about the
charity live talking to kik I have
achieved and from here I also thank them
because it has been a
very easy and very quick conversation
they are going to contribute the same amount
that the live manages to raise, that is to say
that if with the subscriptions we manage to
raise 10,000 kik will put in 10,000
more which would be one for two. In addition,
guys, I announce to you that in addition to
spreading the word in recent days what I have
considered that can help in the whole
Dana tragedy and setting up this
charity, I will also contribute the same
amount, that is to say and in
conclusion,
go on, clean your [ __ ] mouths, all of you
who have criticized today, clean your [ __ ] mouths. I
mean, there are no funds going to be raised.
100,000 are going to be raised 00,000 100,000
60,000 some beastliness like that is worth the
same the same as that raised he is going to
take bread from his pocket and he is going to
put it and who is going to take Pam and she is going to
put it if there is someone who knows how to do it
better if there is someone who is going to be able to
do it better
well he has done more than Pedro Sánchez once
again If
10,000 options are obtained kck will contribute 10,000 more and
I will contribute 10,000 more in a few words
the money that is raised will
multiply by three with respect to where
the money is going to go my idea and intention is
that it goes directly to people
with basic necessities clothing
food and also tools and
utensils that are being used to
clean everything and that right now are very,
very necessary in the area I
also tell you that I would like to help
animals And surely it will be the part that
I donate that I will direct to
different shelters because Well if
people are in a situation
[ __ ] you can imagine the animals and
at least part of the donation I would
like to direct it to them and finally
regarding the content you already know that you are going to be
able to see it without ads I don't know if we
will play cod fortnite and we will do
the Kings League game but I do
want to tell you because I think this
also encourages people to help and
subscribe that if we reach 10,000
subscriptions a very,
very special guest will come live until
there I can say thank you for
listening to me
tremendous eh
tremendous David Santos with the
Murcian are there on the ground and let's
see what message they send us
very important message for the victims of the dan in Valencia for the volunteers who have come to bring supplies and lend a hand with the cleanup I am in Alcira, Antigua Videsa Street, 24 Raúl Murcian pissed off and I at this service station we have paid 2000 in fuel all those affected and
volunteers can come completely
free to this gas station to pour 50 of
fuel please everyone who is a
victim or a volunteer if
someone is not a victim a
volunteer will be taking
fuel away from a person who is having a
hard time or another person who wants to
help we have also bought 4,000 in
gasoy that we are going to send to the towns
Alfafar Torrente Picaña starting
Monday so that they can refuel the
agricultural machinery that is clearing
and cleaning the streets friends so we
all have to do our
bit and here is ours too
thank you all for your collaboration
we are here helping and together the
people will save the town we do not have to
be anything of the rulers we
ourselves are functioning better than
the public institutions are functioning
So friends you already know in
Alcira antigua videsa 24 Thank you very much we
continue Well you know okay they
are telling me out there that Iker Jiménez
has raised 300,000 today in today's live
300,000 what a [ __ ] outrage kid
Iker Jiménez also very criticized also very
criticized eh Also very
criticized eh the  fachat tuers yes yes yes yes
yer Jiménez also highly criticized by
the left if any
van rental company wants to
collaborate in the Girona Costa Brava area and
if there are volunteers too please
send me a DM because we are going down to
Valencia to bring supplies and everything
that is needed if any
van rental company wants to
collaborate in the Girona Costa Brava area and
if there are volunteers too please
send me a DM because we are going down to
Valencia to bring supplies and everything
that is needed
yes Okay well This is surely going to be
another charity live ivai well
ivai I have to tell you I don't know if I have it
here But ivai and and shokas Ok they already
sent food trucks and v and chocas
well shokas has a
food company ok food that they
send to your house already cooked And and they already
sent food trucks Ok well
IB is still going to contribute something more Hello
everyone how are we here in London
to experience the League
of Legends world final the final starts now but
tell you that taking advantage of the fact that today  it's going to
be one of the most viewed live streams of the
year we're going to be posting in the chat
the places all over Spain that collect
food resources etc. to help
Valencia you know that in Spain there are
different places and different sites
where they collect as long as they don't
send the hairdresser there for the
people everything is perfect and by multiple things
to be able to help and we're going to be
posting it in the chat for anyone who
wants to help and everything that is generated in
this live stream you know that Twitch puts
ads Well taking advantage of the fact that
Twitch puts a lot of ads everything that is
generated in this live stream will also be
donated so nothing I hope that
anyone who can help if they
feel like it and want to do so and if not we'll
be here giving the final
see you now a Hello everyone how are
we here in London to experience it eh
what else do I have left I have left I have left I have
left
J let's see this What is it
I have left if I'm not mistaken J dal Mau
J dalma
wait man sure he had it in his
sights here
you have this
crowdfunding it was created by j dalmau and
josu stick okay there are two youtubers
who have also organized, they have opened
this crowdfunding
and it's already at
170,000
170,000 euros Okay 6,000 6,000 donors
6,000 donors donors no for God's sake donors donors
6,000 donors almost
6,000 donors, that is, financial aid is already
arriving eh the
financial aid is already arriving I don't know if I'm leaving out
anyone important but they're totally resigned
pedroz also left out someone
important that we can promote, I'm
leaving out
some important charity event that we
can promote before we start
taking
calls aroyit has also done
something
for those of us who are buying things
to send to Valencia, as you know,
diseases are starting to emerge or are
on the way due to the accumulated filth
in Valencia, the wounded areas with the
bodies and the contaminated air. Since I don't
see the State working hard to offer
a minimum after everything they
generate annually, they are [ __ ]
thieves, really [ __ ] thieves, man.
I hope this is not forgotten. I hope
this is not forgotten  uh em We'll have to
continue spending our money on
buying things that should be
basic necessities in this case they're sending me
this here which are some
disposable sponges that by wetting them you
can have a pretty decent shower 5
the package well uh it's an idea Well it's
an
idea
elon
Mask mother
It's that this is just like man I mean if there was
someone alive among the rubble and
piled up cars After three days
without water and food and being cold they won't be
totally alive anymore I mean it's uh if the
next day they had gotten their act together
maybe they would have rescued
a lot of lives of people who had to be
locked up with the cars
that had
my goodness this What is it please be very careful
those of you who are out there
expected rainfall between the 13th and the 19th Ah no between
1 between 1 and 7 in the afternoon
tomorrow Sunday
yeah [ __ ] uh accumulated Up to 50 L I mean
but this is worrying uh
Can someone tell me if this is worrying this
is like there could be another flood it
could overflow again or something because
even  maybe a rain
a
rain a rain could clean the
mud or
mud of up to 50
liters it is an orange alert but it
could
overflow again no no I
mean no it wouldn't be bad if it
rained now it would be
worse
aj it will make it
muddy they have
decreed an orange alert for tomorrow in
Valencia 150 l m2 m oh my goodness well be
careful eh careful look here's
Iker Let's see let's go to Iker's Twitter
better he has
n't worked hard eh operation
help
interesting and this man that I know that there
is a disease called
psychopathy which is the inability to
feel empathy
yes But there are almost 10% of psychopaths
it is clear that they are all
police this gentleman who does not speak please
this gentleman what is your name boss haes There is
still time we have talked that there is
still a long time to come
The worst is yet to come when the bodies
decompose how long it will take c already
phytosanitary that and
sanitary I was commenting on it this is
commenting on the
two problems it is more I was saying how this is not
cut off soon here there is a problem of
very serious epidemics that are not  I lived in
even the volunteers who are going to
help
are crazy because the army is not yet
100% as Rubén jber explained it
very well, we have put the video before,
okay, well And this would be right now the
help that is available, the help options
that are currently available at
least that I know of, okay, if you know
more you can leave it in the
comments box of this extract, okay, and
people will go look for the one that suits them best,
okay, you can call, eh, I'm
seeing that over there on the chat You are
putting me some That you want to call but
please call by WhatsApp so
that I can answer, okay, call by
WhatsApp, we're going to be here for
a little while now, I'll go to the
kids' room for a little while, okay, but call
by WhatsApp if any of you want to tell a
little about yourself, your story, your
testimony or whatever, okay Let's see what
happens, let's watch
videos from Madrid, yeah, don't cry, man, give me a
hug, it's okay V It's okay. Look,
the only thing I can offer you are some
mango and chocolate bars that I have here,
don't worry, this  it's going to be
solved yeah I'm getting married in a few weeks things will be back to how they were
before okay come on stay
strong okay see you later bye [ __ ]
kid oh my goodness eh
What a
shame What a shame eh man our Pili is calling me Let's
see let's get
it Pili oh I'm what's going on How are we doing can you
hear me well no It's very low very low very
low and
now now a little bit now now better
What's going on How are you
Ah well exhausted
like How did things go how how did you experience it well
I was on
afternoon shift and at 8:15 the clients' cell phones
all started beeping we stayed
what's going on they started telling us
Dana alert well not a
drop was falling Well nothing we carried on as normal
uh then at 10 when
we left Well well you get home where are they where are
each one was in a
place I couldn't find a a the children the
husband each
one it was a
horrible night
until morning when we were able to
get to them and each one was
safe I didn't rest all night
normal but at your house in
your street flooded badly no no no no here not a boot no no well you live in the area where nothing happened No yes I live Well about 18 km or so the next day the company started to take work groups and we were in the area
and nothing is chaos Because look
here where I live nothing has happened
but the supermarkets have no water
no meat milk of course the
logistics block we have it in the area
in riar roja which is where the Ground Zero
that I say that is gaspo the
roads Well you've already seen
how they are there and the railway 40 km that
has
disappeared I mean it's not because people
have rushed out like crazy to buy It's that trucks do
n't arrive Of course today they brought us today they
brought us a truck I don't know if it
was from around the north from another
logistics block they brought us water
and nothing meat nothing and as the
water comes they take it away normal of course Of course
tell you that in the area because we have been of
course we are
working but then we have formed groups
to go to the area
Okay until
yesterday you didn't see anyone not even a soldier  I
mean there's
nobody there nothing It's that the people who come by the way
tomorrow we had a
schedule to go too and at the last minute
they cancelled it what I was thinking I say that
because tomorrow the king is going and they don't want
volunteers there but it seems like they
're saying stop in the chat that they
announced this rain for tomorrow
I want to think that it's that but a
disaster a
disaster there were those who entered this afternoon
into a parking lot and the 17 who
entered were
intoxicated, some very seriously
Yes of course very bad there's going to be a
health problem there's going to be a
pandemic now they're saying that
we should go for long sleeves long pants
masks of course keep in mind 5 days
without water people even if it's not faith go to the
bathroom and imagine where they'll throw that
eh Look the town smells because I was
in red okay the town gasoline
Ah fatal it's to enter the town and it's a
smell that throws you
back of course all the water has mixed
with all the gasoline from downstairs with
let's go it's mixed everything of course and the
other day Wednesday Rubén had a
cold at night he was there all
night and he went to a center because there was they
called him that  There were elderly people in a
residence who needed diapers, of course they didn't
have electricity, a disaster. Well, they've
come, they brought 15 grandparents here to my town.
A customer went to buy some
this afternoon. He says it's a shame to see them,
hygiene in places, of course they didn't even have
diapers, a disaster, everyone doesn't
eat hot food, days without electricity or water,
what we have here, 6 km away, we have the, I don't know what they're
called, camps, non-
military camps in Manises, in Paterna,
nobody has come, what do I know? I was there in '87, I think it
was when the swamp, yes, I think it
was that one, the company also made us
volunteer, I was there too,
giving away food and such, I remember
then that there were
military tents like these, Oh,
these camps that Javi sets up, I can't remember a
tent,
but military ones helping
people in the town, but it's like
nothing here tomorrow, I don't know because today, as I
say, we have been here all day, the little
that has been put into the store and
we have been working all day. I don't
know, I've seen the news or anything. I don't know if the
military has arrived, but it's been a disaster
here, they've had it. There are no
flags or colors and here  they've passed
the ball to each other, one waiting for this one to
call him and he's acting
brave that he could do it alone and
well tremendous my goodness how
that minister of tourism put it the other day at
the door of the mor that no that
people should stay at home and that she would
warn you
know the video that I tell you that you have
posted you know how but who are you going to
warn if there is no light or phone or anything
how are you going to contact the
relatives a disaster
my goodness help Ah one thing that you have to say
Look it turns out I didn't donate to the Red Cross or an
NGO or anything no donis in every town there are
centers where they are reliable that
the town halls don't need Look, they've caught
people with Red Cross vests
asking for money house to
house taking advantage of
me do you understand asking for money to help
the
damaged damn You're going to ask for
money a boo to me Hey but it's that you
hear very bad but people who
were pretending to be and they weren't
exact yes that crime but there is
a lot of crime today I saw
news that there are rapes
Also be careful right
now they have come out in the sixth that they
are doing the Buenaire which is
the largest east center of Valencia
and one has come out saying there is
nobody here, there is a car from the
Civil Guard of the town says and here people come in and
take everything but not
food, looting
everything horrible everything everything and hitting
people maybe people who are
leaving their houses to help or
whatever and they break in the squatters I mean
the crime is eh mind-blowing How are we
going it's wild The
Flea literally eh I mean that is
like the flea with the Red Cross you
imagine the old people when they ring
the bell we come to see with the
Red Cross vests man they give it
Shameless yes yes yes yes that's how they
are Well nothing here at home well I
have the whole family in Cata roja and
well cars have been lost but
human lives No they are all together now But
well everything everything lost houses cars and
jobs because the pun cer that is pa
Porta that there was of there was
an industrial estate that
was  exaggerated that has all gone down there is no
that has been demolished Everything has been
taken everything now the beings will begin and
the people without work without
homes this is good if we already tell it
all Well then thank you very much to all
A kiss sweetheart I'm glad to
hear you and now we'll talk come on a
kiss beautiful Goodbye
queen it sounded very bad I don't know if
you heard correctly that it sounded
very bad the truth
eh let's continue seeing things let's
continue seeing things because around here
and talking about the issue of crime
not talking about the issue of
crime I don't know if this is the thread
But there was like a thread
reporting Look I mean this is a thread
with eh
with the majority of cases of crime
okay
look my goodness what a disaster you look at everything
full of and look at everyone helping And these
here stealing like rats they are sons
of [ __ ] shitty gypsies
my goodness
says that he wasn't going to do a reel but I
am going to do it about what is happening in
Valencia Cristóbal What is the name of this
street Plaza del país Valencia number two
Plaza del país valenciá number  2s in
aldaya Valencia this street At the end There are
some Pakistanis who are selling the
bottle the pack of six bottles of water
for
7 I find it shameful there are people
here who have nothing to drink and they are
selling water for 7 like that I have
been in two more places here in aldaya
just in this street there have
not been three deaths and they talk about
150 when there are towns with people with
dozens of missing people these
but they have stolen the cars of the
civil guard
seriously seriously has that happened it's
a disgrace this is an aberration
I said I wasn't going to do anything but I
have to because this is the
reality it's shameful that not one person comes here
Ah more police more civil guard
gentleman that's from here from the
store is looking this man looking
taking things there while we are here
cleaning things from the store This is what is
happening here This is what is
happening and there is not a [ __ ] police there is
not a [ __ ] soldier in the streets
This is what is
happening mother of God
shameful that there are people with so
little empathy and humanity it is out of
necessity Not because  loot and take advantage
of the situation when there are hundreds of
families who really
[Music]
need it my goodness
this is the market they're robbing
[Music]
No how scary
What
[Music]
scary I mean it's literally a
horror movie eh they've left everything empty Yeah yeah yeah
but it's like it's literally a horror movie
eh I
mean it doesn't make sense
eh
[Music]
Ah let's see if I can record your face let's see have
you gone to the register I think we
saw it yesterday you haven't gone to the register to
pay either this one I think was a
long-standing neighborhood business meaning the
people who were robbing him were from the
same neighborhood
all his life Pepito and you the first one to go to
pay have gone Get out leave that there
leave that out there
ahj there it is ah let's
see this one it doesn't matter if I record your
face it doesn't matter it doesn't matter if I record you You
see
eh and leaving why Because I'm
Pepe's daughter and the police on the way I
recorded your face I recorded your  face
Son of a [ __ ] son of a [ __ ] there V goes
Get
out but who is that who is that
Look what I least expected from
you what I least expected but you
have it in your blood you have it in your
blood daughters of [ __ ] Come on Get out get
out you're right I [ __ ] on the one of
a misfortune you're taking over
and go to Facebook in the video eh to
Facebook come on one by one drop the
bags drop the bags I don't have to
tie you up okay go
Look who they are look look since I was
little here since I was little here
go
steal how strong it seems to me what gossip
that
[Applause]
[Music]
it seems that they are going out with cars with
ham with beer kids DEA with wine with ham with
beer with wine let's go Better
with after the
tragedy after having passed the
tragic event of the flood that's
better instead of
worse it's a [ __ ] shame we came
from Gandía we came as kids to
help everyone in the municipality there are no
civil police and firefighters the firefighters
are forestry No not a [ __ ] police the
police  There are civilians who come as
civilians to help the [ __ ]
shitty Moors there is not one that is dirty not
one they are all well dressed and they look at us
and look at us badly they go through the
businesses to see what they can steal this
is a [ __ ] shame what is
happening here in the GMC a [ __ ]
shame eh Pedrito Sánchez this is a
[ __ ] shame brings the army son of a
[ __ ] how they have abandoned them man
we saw this one too we saw this one too
this is one that they catch inside the
car stealing not looting the
cars how is it
no if you miss to see if you are missing something I
miss you know what I have and the
[ __ ] car see if fal mir has stolen
money
let's go what am I
missing what am I missing aha
No my mother man in whatever situation
eh This is an interview that if
I'm not mistaken a girl from Alfafar
reports eh How they stole her things
from the car While she was trying to get
water from her business this this I think is
an interview that info blogger did
yesterday eh is going to try to take advantage of that
situation like for example Today we are
at the gym cleaning and while  we
were cleaning the gym at day
20 of people one of the cars that we
had left uh outside the things
inside the car there were some
black and Moorish kids and I say this because they were
black and Moorish because they were not Norwegian and it has to be
said and it has to be said because I don't care if they
tell me that this
racist comment because it's not racist it's
common sense and I don't care if the
Spanish also steal and if the
Spanish also kill I don't care
because the Spanish are in Spain and
I come from Romania and I come here and I don't
steal or rape or commit any crime
but they were black kids and Moorish kids
trying to steal our things from our
car right in front of our [ __ ] noses
in broad daylight, I mean when there was a
natural disaster like the one that happened
And you are here trying to steal things
from the car that just happened the
National Police car drove by and caught them
and
arrested them I was already talking to the
police and when I was there I
looked at them and I asked them aren't you
ashamed dude aren't you ashamed nor am I
they have answered, so right
now
man, this is about the house they are occupying, a
man, that is, a man went
with his shovel to help clean up the
houses on the street and while
the man was outside helping, they
have taken it inside the house and
occupied it. Well, this is over, so
a man came out of his house. Uh,
with a shovel to clean up and everything, some
squatters are inside and the civil guard is here to
try to
throw them out. Let's see, this, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I
'm recording, then
we'll try to upload all of this to the networks,
we're going to try to denounce these
people, no, they can't be in society, these
people can't be in,
well, this is no, no,
no, Afrofeminists, what the [ __ ] is this? If you are
racialized migrant people who
are collaborating in the aid of the
catastrophe or you know any, send us
your photos and videos, we have to
counter the extreme narrative. I
[ __ ] on my [ __ ] life, I [ __ ] on my [ __ ] life, I
mean, but let's see, let's see, in
reality, it is necessary to
ask that  send videos of people
helping to counteract those
videos no no no no you don't have to create them you don't
have to ask for them they should be there to
counteract the far
right's story the mother who gave birth to me man if
we are idiots if there are no
more if there are no more man there is no
more
this what how how how how how Wait wait wait Wait wait
well I suppose that practically
The Followers that I have here know
who I am but well yesterday we got
fined for parking the car badly when
we are but if we are
one they are a [ __ ] disgrace of a country man So he
went
to Porta with a car full of bottles
of water for those affected by the Dana he
delivered the water and when he returned his car
was fined with 350 euros and towed
man they don't remove the [ __ ]
cars that are in the way and they remove
one that comes to help man this is what
the morancos tell you and you believe it
we went to Porta and picaña helped and and nothing they
took the car with the tow truck and everything else
we had brought well 120 lr of
water between five food and  the surprise we
had when we arrived without having eaten
or anything we were eh Well was that they had
taken our car and on top of that they
had fined us when we got there what we
saw what I saw in the parking lot is that there were
two or three streets from the Valencia city council
that were not going to help
which I think is what they should
do and and they were stopped there to
remove cars of people who had gone to
help
[Music]
and I don't know eh At least we had
coverage on Cope radio during
game time and on the other hand Raúl Castañeda
has
decided to pay the fine and
thanks to that we are going to be able to contribute
more money to the
cause what a [ __ ] shame
man what a [ __ ] shame it
is not
yes thing this area is not being
reported on everything that happened on this
road my sister when I am sorry
but I am fed up with not being
informed properly my sister did her
autopsy practices and decided and asked to go
help and anything goes here at
the Institute of Legal Medicine in
Valencia they did not let her go so today she
went to Porta with my brother-in-law to help
But she spoke with  her teacher of
practices, the lady is dedicated to doing
autopsies, you know that there they have
counted around 800 and on TV they
are telling us 160 barely 160 But
why are they confirmed I do not understand
that this dance of numbers is because
e
[Music]
m that number I understand that it is
practically
one is the official confirmed figure an
autopsy is performed the body is identified of
who it is I do not understand what it is
but of course let's see if there are going to be more
than 2000 trust what I am telling you there are going to be
more than 2000 they are not lying to everyone
man they are lying to
everyone the information that is coming out
is not real it is not
real [ __ ] liars of the hevos it
could have been prevented Apparently they are not
cutting off the water again I am at
home it would prevent many deaths eh they were
putting themselves on it could have saved
many deaths
eh Let's see, I promised myself that I would not
talk about politics again because you know that
the content has changed a bit but the thing is that
this situation must be talked about, it is
not being talked about  enough what I
genuinely wonder is
how is it possible that the military hasn't come out
to help all these people yet it's not
understood why the government doesn't want
the military to come out to help the
people it's not understood perhaps they are afraid
of the military and why would they
be
I don't even know where to
start it is not known eh but not to
AEN this happens when colors ideologies are thrown away
and not people with capacity
Spain is going to hell this episode has not been
forgotten period Valencia but yes it is
forgotten the problem is that it is
forgotten This is not I mean no it's not a
surprise we have had other tragedies and they have
been the same they have been equally
incapable they have been equally equally equally
incapable one that is
voting is voting to raise the personal
income tax while people are
drowning in their homes dods that about the
Spanish radio and television that we don't
give a [ __ ] I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] [ __ ] for
this I pay
taxes what you are are you are a [ __ ]
mafia Those of the government and if we don't stage
a [ __ ] coup d'
état This will continue
like this  The only ones who can do
something are the [ __ ] people, no one is going to come
to save us, no one is going to come to
collect everything we have, we have lost,
everything is a mafia, a
mafia starting from the point where
the politician is our [ __ ]
salaried employee, he is our salaried employee,
aren't you aware in your heads
that we are [ __ ] paying the
politicians that I haven't seen a [ __ ]
politician, move a [ __ ] finger, [ __ ] they put on a
lot of Twitch and a lot of [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] have you done for your [ __ ] town?
I find it outrageous that it has to
be the people who have to go
buy [ __ ] water for the people in the town.
I find it outrageous that TR
days have passed, three days and
people are still dying, I don't know how many people have died already, I don't know if there was a list of 1000 missing people and you think they sent 500 soldiers only a platoon of soldiers that don't have enough for a [ __ ] town in all of
Valencia for things like your
solidarity, I am proud to say that
I am Spanish, that I have the best town,
man, the people  that the
people who care about their own, their
neighbors, are putting their shoulders to the wheel, what the [ __ ] are
people coming from towns from
miles away on foot only
loaded with bags and bags of food and
water to help people man that's
not your [ __ ] job the
worst of all is that there are
special units that are in charge of this type
of [ __ ] but they're not
even doing it they're not even
activating it this [ __ ] marks a
before and after and the only solution
that I see viable I don't care how you
want to do it but we have to carry out a [ __ ]
coup d'état we have to go after them in
their [ __ ]
house, [ __ ] them, find out where they live, go after
them we have to go after each and every one of
them because they knew it, they knew it and they
allowed it and we're paying them that there are
people who are leaving the country eh
Because here there is no other [ __ ] thing, there is no
work, there is no quality of life, there is
nothing people from outside come and
steal our jobs it's all that is that we have to
go after them we have to make them
pay I don't know  They're going to
get away with it, we're going to go after each and every
one of them, and I don't care, I don't care who's
the good guy, who's the bad guy. They're all
responsible. I haven't seen any of them
put on some boots and go to [ __ ]
Valencia, support the people, their town, not
one eh. And well, let's not talk about the
dictator. This is not a message of
awareness or stories on
social networks or for numbers or stories,
this is a message I want to bring closer,
talk to the Spanish people, to the people who
I know are good, to the people
who have a couple of fingers on their forehead,
nobody is going to come to save us, it's our
turn, we have to stage a [ __ ]
coup d'état, nobody wants to see it.
David Santo just posted that they just
informed me that they have already removed 86
deaths from the Bon Aire parking lot.
The shopping center parking lot
has 5,700 spaces.
Nobody wants to see it, but this is a
dictatorship and they're going to politicize these deaths and
then put in place
abusive climate and
environmental measures because I repeat that they
knew about it for days and  there are
people who didn't even realize the
water came and didn't even realize
the alarms were broken V go to
hell
psychopath God be with each and every one of
you who are affected by
this
situation I am [ __ ] great at
home watching it on the phone and my
heart is with each and every
Spaniard but not with me where they have
my relatives are still in containers
in the palm totally mairu but
this is going to be forgotten This is going to be
forgotten Well it's not like it was the
first
tragedy game for
you God be with you God
be with all the people who are
volunteering to help out
to do the job that people
who are qualified for it and that we
are paying a [ __ ] salary don't do I
ask God that you stop this situation I ask
God
that the Government deploys now please
all the
doctors the military it's just that we
have to
despatch
Sánchez Call dog Sánchez and tell him to
come back from
India he is dying that's what you
have to do let
dog Sánchez come
bad news the mud test came back positive
for
bacterial growth
[Music]
that knows how to hide in words
while Elo covers our
[Music]
skin is
intelligence of the
mud machine and in the
wounded earth leaves us without
shelter you with empty words and
broken promises but the people resist even if you
provoke them in the face of your abandonment the people
respond with firm hands their hope is
not
[Music]
hidden it's not that you lose it
Everything comes a time when it doesn't Then I
can give thanks because I'm alive But
that doesn't take away the responsibility that
people have who say we
're with you to get votes but the
truth is not
[Music]
hide while
the lael hostia the video
eh
[Music]
God man la la la [ __ ]
Artificial intelligence man it's scary now eh You don't know
which video is real and which video is made
with Artificial intelligence eh
today eh it's [ __ ]
crazy it's [ __ ] crazy the things that are
done
I also have a broom But what do I do
where do I go I want to help and I
feel powerless and also indignant today I was going to
go to the cemetery to lay the
flowers the tradition that we have here
in Andalusia  to take our
loved ones flowers Ah the cemeteries are
closed in Seville all
the cemeteries are closed yes I think it was because of
also the issue of just in case no danger
of flooding or whatever no I don't know if they
've already opened it or whatever but
come on the day of the Holy Innocents it
was closed I mean it was forbidden to go
take flowers to each
Spaniard but not to me where they have that the
Bonaire is very strong they have opened the
parking lot and crazy have you seen they have
closed it again and call cold storage
the buffos
desolate the busos
but I say that there will be many
more parking lots apart from that one no I mean that one is the
biggest I understand that it is the
biggest in the biggest shopping center
in Valencia but but there will be many other
parks in the same
situation damn How many
parking lots can there be flooded right now
there do you
understand Mother
God it's been a week since I buried my
brother I mean I fully understand the
pain of what you are
going through but not to
aen streamers influencers of the left
make videos to stop the attack of the
far right grandpa I congratulate you  for the
balls of versatility that
you have a kiss handsome a kiss you know
that always on the ball always and and
the only thing that reaches me through
social networks people
and those who can help saying that Oh
how have they not asked me for help but it's not
that I ask you let's see it's not what
those who can help It's those who
have the
obligation who earn a salary to
solve these
problems man today I came across a [ __ ]
tweet from someone who said let's see you may like it
more or
less it's true that the poor guy is jinxed he
was hit by the pandemic he was hit by
Palma he was hit Go [ __ ] yourself Go [ __ ] yourself
man touch your dick I
mean the salary I earn is to
be prepared for whatever comes to him
as if a catastrophe comes to him
every week well he'll
know Well he'll
know whatever it is it's like Poor poor Pedro
Sánchez the year they've given him not the year they
've given him they haven't let him these
4 years governing quietly eh that
all he has to do is put on a suit
jacket and touch his dick and collect  I do
n't know how many hundreds of thousands of euros he
earns, touch your dick Poor thing, he's had
many tragedies, but he's
the president of the government How many
incidents can a country have? Well,
all the ones they have because it has a
country, it has islands, it has a north, it has
south, it has mountains, it has this, it has that, it has a
lot, it has a peninsula, a
peninsula, islands, islands below. I mean, of
course there will be incidents that he will have to
resolve. Touch your dick, man, we
are idiots, we are idiots. Oh,
how do the military have to do their jobs? Please,
where am I going with my
broom? I swear I would leave, but
where do I want to go out on the street? I'm
outraged, I'm not outraged, we can't
stay at home, there are 2,000 that
have appeared. We're crazy, more than 200
victims, and I have to stay at
home watching how they do nothing, how
people ask for help, what they need is
help, to leave their houses, to give them water, to
give them food, okay, I'm going to send
food, I'm going to send clothes, and now what do we
do with those clothes? We know if they're going to
reach them, who's going to send it to them. It really
is a  helplessness that the only thing it
does to me is go out into the street and use my
social networks to say this
because I can't do anything else and
because my soul hurts my
heart hurts seeing what's happening
because I have traveled a lot and I know
that there are countries that don't have a
medium India Africa I don't know so many
countries that I have seen that tragedies
like these they don't know how to fix them
but that this is happening in Spain what do I
do where do I go with my
broom What a good video How good good
pas
How good
pas gentlemen I am not a doctor and I do not
want to make this video to spread
panic but in these types of
situations sometimes the imagination runs wild
and it focuses on catastrophes that we have
all experienced I remembered what happened to
the Twin Towers and that after the
collapse many experts said that the
dust that was left in the environment
could cause very serious illnesses
later it was proven that it was
true that's why in these moments when we
all want to go help the
people affected by the Dana please my
message is to do it with caution
put on gloves put on masks help
the people who  do not have mobility help
distribute
donated food do not get involved in bailing out water that
could be stagnant because that water is
most likely contaminated
with very bad things things that
could cause anything from simple
gastroenteritis to
chronic diseases that could even take your
life I repeat I am not a doctor nor am I
making this video to spread
panic I simply send a message of
caution to all those who are going to help
the people affected by Dana and I send
this message because I do not see that anyone is
doing it not even the media
please take care of yourselves help with your head
help with your heart but also with your
head let's challenge this not to Will my
friend Will from Will's theater okay
follow him there we also
saw this boy before we
have also
seen this one they feel alone they feel
abandoned like this after 5 days
after what happened here they have been up
to two and three days without reaching
reality will you allow me to be so
frank they have lived a [ __ ] mistake a [ __ ]
mistake a [ __ ] hell really what
all these families are living here
like them  we say cco days later and
the help still hasn't
arrived a [ __ ] mistake says the journalist let's
see if it's true
not the Spaniards cleaning the streets full
of mud the
integrated immigrants who help are
welcome those of the chanda of Paris
Saint-Germain who touch their balls with
both hands
well we have seen eh we have also
seen This is the shopping center
almost 100 dead have already left eh From
here
eh mother of God how is
this well over here over here you are
seeing an access to the
parking lot okay And over here, I mean this is the
access to the parking lot from inside from the
shopping center the escalators
But look how the access to the
parking lot for
cars is Look how this is eh I mean this
inside there is the
biggest the biggest
today also I don't remember who was
telling it let's listen to this audio by
Rubén I don't remember who was telling it that that
also it
was that there was a lot of chaos on the day
of the day in question the day of what
happened that they even sent
people to the parking lot to take the
vehicles and
take them out or in other words at what
time or in other words it is  has done everything
wrong in 2024 almost 2025 everything wrong everything wrong
with the technologies that exist with the
money they collect with the resources they
have everything everything everything wrong everything wrong man
everything
wrong they had the information from days before
to see if they were safe
man to have put the people on
notice in the morning I already know I already
know Oh I'm blank the
word the
word it overflowed it also overflowed a
[ __ ] What do you call what
overflowed another cause no other cause was what
overflowed in the morning in
Chiva in the afternoon when the
water was already up to the ankles and in many streets
even to the knees in some is
when they start to reach it Well
yesterday we saw a kid who received the
alert on his cell phone when he was already on
a platform No already with the
street flooded HM
[Music]
what the [ __ ] man people working
people in the
street what the [ __ ] man they killed
people I mean here There should be
criminal liability eh here There
should be many
criminal liability
and he's not going to see them eh And he's not going to see them There should be a lot of criminal liability and he's not going to see them he's not going to see them please friends followers whoever it is spread this audio a baby has been found alive in Catarroja
a baby has been found alive in Catarroja
it is alive it is fed it is in the house
of whoever found it after
cleaning an area but but in case
someone is looking for a baby a baby has
appeared in Roja alive a baby
man what happened to the baby man what
happened to the baby my mother mother
Oh my mother Look this is what I
told you before Look look look look see it
like I had seen it I knew I
had seen it I didn't know you have it here
open Look attention neighbors and
volunteers in the areas affected by
the Dana in Valencia I want to alert you of
a situation that has reached my
ears quite serious and worrying
information close by have indicated to me
that there are cases of sexual assaults on
women in some towns impacted
by this situation of course it was it was It was
expected this eh this was expected I mean
if they are in plan the purge the street
without law the street without the cle without
authorities the street without electricity without
communication without lights without without without
working phones without internet Eh
yes yes it was it was it was expected It was
expected seeing what they are letting in what a
catastrophe my goodness and it is
quite fundamental that you all be
informed and alerted to protect
women both residents and
volunteers who are helping of course
please spread the word reinforce
security measures and stay united to
prevent these situations from continuing
because the protection of women and the
continuity of aid depend on
all of
us and this is strong eh Look I mean
the Japanese embassy in
Spain pay attention to this eh I mean I mean pay
attention to this
eh the Japanese embassy in Spain sent
SMS alerts SMS messages on
October 28th and 29th to
Japanese citizens who were in Spain
to warn them of the dangers of Dana
even specifying the areas it would
foreseeably affect
I mean
the Japanese embassy in
Spain sent an SMS to its
countrymen who live here in Spain
warning them of which areas were
dangerous on the 28th  and on the 29th
you listen to the video hello hello hello
hello you listen to the
video it has no sound the
video has no
sound and how are they sharing a
video that cannot be
heard I do not understand anything we have a
call eh
wait we have a call
but we have a call but no it does not
appear to me to answer it wait well
missed call well missed call
in action let's see they are asking me
please to share this
action clip of these politicians m that we
have and I cried you made me cry
in the Horizonte the other day I
only spent half a minute here crying why Oscar
you are a guy a scientist you are a
doctor you are a prepared guy What's going on
there why does one break well I
broke that scene broke me that will go down in television history
when you were in that complete
darkness with the people on the balcony
screaming help that that past
television history I think we are not you are not
aware that is very big what
you did what you did on Thursday was
huge it was to identify bodies but I ca
n't go I can't go look last
minute I tell you the Bonaire shopping center
which is in Aldaya is a
shopping center the largest in Valencia
well  the ume the laume divers have entered
and well they have said what is down there
is a cemetery it is a cemetery I mean it's going to
be It's going to be a brutal thing it's going to
be a brutal thing I mean when they
bail out the water when they bail out the water
and start taking out bodies it's going to be
something people shopping center with lots of
cars that caught them all it's the water Yes of
course it was 7:30 in the afternoon
and people were going about their lives and at
those hours people know about working and they
often pass by that shopping center
man Of course if they haven't warned people
are going about their normal lives If they haven't
warned people were going about their
normal lives their shopping they stopped at the
shopping center okay I've seen this
live from Iker all afternoon and it was
the best of the
best tomorrow the kings are going to take a
photo Tomorrow tomorrow it's true and Pedro
Sánchez is also an outrage Look
last night I was with the doctor the
secret meeting we send you a big hug
mado to Diego it's also something that has been
shown very little on television the area
that you have  state the Catarroja area
of ​​​​aldia all this the ravine that has
overflowed is the Barranco del pollo the
Barranco del pollo is born from Chiva which
is the area where 600 lithies per
square meter have fallen, it is born from there and flows
into the lagoon. What happens is that the
chair track the v31 acts as a retaining wall barrier
and the same thing when reaching
Catarroja that ravine becomes larger then
along the barb of water that fell. Look,
the serious thing is that the
emergency coordination of Eliana knew
was monitoring the flow
of that ravine. The Ebro river has
300 cubic Met the Ebro river has 300
cubic Met per second. Well, at 5:30
in the afternoon that flow was 1000
cubic Met per second and at 6:30 in the
afternoon at 6:30 in the afternoon it was 1
cubic Met per second an hour before
an hour before reaching the water there
was an hour in which the
coordination center  of emergency I knew what was
going down yeah man let's do it again
okay you're all paying attention
Okay you're all paying attention to everyone okay Okay
spread this okay like
subscribe share and all that stuff
okay so people can see this
but pay attention and listen to this again eh
these politicians m that we have and I
cried you made me cry the Horizon
the other day I spent
midnight here crying why Oscar you
're a guy a scientist you're a
doctor you're a prepared guy What's going on
there why does one break well it broke me it
broke me that scene that will go down in
television history when you
were in that complete darkness with the
people on the balcony screaming help that that's
not television history I think we are
not you are not aware that's very
big what you did what you did
on Thursday was huge F to go
identify bodies but I can't go I can't
go look last minute I'll tell you
the Bonaire shopping center which is in
Aldaya is a shopping center the
biggest in Valencia well the ume the
bruzos laume have come in and well they
said what's there  down there is a
cemetery it is a cemetery I mean it's going to
be It's going to be a brutal thing it's going to be a
brutal thing I mean when they bail out the
water when they bail out the water and they start
taking out bodies it's going to be a
thing people shopping center with lots of
cars that all got caught in the water Yes of
course it was 7:30 in the afternoon
and people were going about their lives and at
those hours people know from work and
often pass by that
shopping center it's outrageous Look last night I
was with Dr. Gaon at the
secret meeting I sent it to you AB I
sent it to Diego it's also
something that has been on television very little
the area that you've been to the
Catarroja area of ​​Aldaya all this the
Barranco that has overflowed is the
Barranco del Pollo the Barranco del Pollo
starts from Chiva which is the area where
600 lithos per square meter have fallen it
starts from there and flows into the lagoon
What happens is the chairlift the V31
acts as a barrier wall  containment and
the same when reaching Catarroja that ravine becomes
more
So it is together with the barbarity of
water that fell Look what is serious Iker
is that the emergency coordination center
of the Eliana knew knew
was monitoring the flow of that
ravine The Ebro River has 300
cubic meters the Ebro River has 300
cubic meters per second Well at 5:30 in
the afternoon that flow was carrying 1000 cubic meters
per second and at 6:30 in the afternoon at
6:30 in the afternoon it was carrying 2000
cubic meters per second an hour before an
hour before reaching the water
there was an hour in which the
emergency coordination center knew what was coming down
and they did not warn this man is saying
that they were aware because of the
monitoring of the water that was coming down that
chicken ravine
a lot could have been avoided They did not warn until 8 in the
afternoon the alarms on the mobile did not go off
until 8 in the afternoon and at  6:30 at
6:30 it was flowing six times more than the
flow of the Ebro River six times more than
the flow of the Ebro River this is data that can be
seen on the internet
anyone can see it and they didn't warn you, in other words
the avoidable deaths from that
French publication last night or what you mentioned
the deaths could have been shouted out Who didn't
warn when they knew about the flow
to jail with them with all to
jail it's that
ang it's very serious it's very
serious this is very serious and it can be
perfectly corroborated because it would be tremendous you don't
have it there Diego has been sued
but of course Oscar This is how it is
really no because I Sometimes I say
you put it then say no that it's a hoax what
about and I'm left stewed no Iker Look at the
Source is the hydrographic confederation
of Jucar the Source is the
hydrographic confederation of Jucar and warning beforehand
could have acted Oscar Of course
you Look at that at 6:30 in the afternoon they
put 2000 Met
h at the  6:30 in the afternoon everyone is warned
of what's coming to stay
inside their houses
How many people would have jumped
How many people who are dead today would have been
saved How many people who were waiting for
this Ah Oh [ __ ] dude, you really [ __ ]
incompetent eh They're demons with
ties There should be
criminal liability here
eh There should be
real criminal liability eh Really let's see, I'm going to
pick up Merchi's phone and I'm going to
the and I'm going
[Music]
and I'm going to the lady to the kids
eh
[ __ ] wait
What's going on Ah no I couldn't before I was
calling and you too yes Mercedes but
Mercedes What's going on Hi both at the same time
both at the same time both at the same time
listen to me
you can't make any sound pas
no no no no I've already removed it I've already
removed it I've already removed it eh what they
're saying about the military
please is that they don't send them Look, my daughter
is a Sergeant, they're all climbing
the
walls the only thing that  They are asking
the commanders to leave them the trucks
and the
tents you understand and they put the
gasoline they put the oil whatever they
have to put and at the points that
the people indicate to them they say well we have
water we have food we have
clothes that they pick it up they
take it and and and they do there everything they
have to do you understand but they don't
let them and they have already told her either you
shut up or I will arrest you or whatever And why do they
have to arrest when it is that it is that she
says that it is not in their hands
So in whose hands is it that they
send the military
there and the military won't go they won't go they won't
let them they won't let them they won't
let them go I have seen it and they
want to put them they say
okay just give us the trucks
and give us the tents we will
take care of the
rest but there is no way now they
threaten to
arrest them the truth is that the poor thing
is already going to get a bad time let's go
But her and all those who are
around and the commanders well what does she say  that
has at
are tied hand and foot hand and
foot it is tied there really should
be but by the balls we are doing very well
at least Hey Mercedes I send you a big kiss
gorgeous how are you And me
to you And me to you well I'm hanging around son there we are
no Okay, now they tell me more
extensively that we are leaving that they are
waiting for us on the other side I send you a kiss
and thanks for the call guys to you
beautiful that's it guys I'm going I'm going eh to the
salsería ok if anyone wants to jump
over there let them go because we have a
bit of a curious salseo with what
just arrived okay So I'm
going over there thanks for having
accompanied us one more night tomorrow we'll
see Marina eh tomorrow we'll see
Marina that the atmosphere is like I don't know if
Marina will say anything
eh regarding what is being
done to me personally eh Let's see I do
n't think it's the time to
discuss Okay and to debate on this
subject maybe later we
could debate it Okay
but I would tell you I would tell you that I am surprised
that they use a tragedy like this to
throw [ __ ] at me  Well look, the truth is
that I don't, I even have a lady who
invented cancer to throw [ __ ] at
me, so they're using a tragedy
that the whole country is empathizing with
to try to turn them against me, what can I
tell you? The truth is, I won't be
surprised at all. It's true that
maybe I didn't see it coming in the last few days,
but I fully expect it. The other
day Marina told something that she
found out about. Okay, and the last thing that
Marina and I intended,
obviously, I don't know if Marina will say
anything tomorrow. uh, she can do what she
wants in her house, just like she had the
opportunity to tell it. The other day, well, she
has the opportunity tomorrow if she wants to
say something, and if not, let her not say anything, okay,
uh, what Marina said, uh, I didn't know what she was
going to say. Okay,
and the thing is that now they're like
using the subject that there's a
tragedy and there's a. Well, one of the
people involved in what
Marina said, in this case, Amparo, who I'm
very happy about, that, as I said. No,
as we said, the losses have been nothing
more than material.  and I don't think they have
been
losses within the barbarity that we
are seeing because the worst is worth
it but little more and they are
describing the matter they are
telling us things that make it seem that I am
responsible for the Dana or rather because
when you listen to the tone in which they
are referring to me and Marina and the
things that they are saying it seems that
the Dana has come in handy to use
something against us. I already said it the
other day in the statement that I made. It's
not the worst. The best thing we
could have sinned is from bad luck,
not from the coincidence of the moment in which
this
comes out. I imagine that tomorrow Marina
will say something similar but I had no
idea at that moment, it didn't cross my
mind or occur to me that Amparo could be
suffering, okay, from a situation like
this. Okay, in fact yes, I did know
that Amparo was from Valencia, I've known her
for many years, but at that
moment I didn't relate Amparo with Valencia,
with this tragedy, in fact, it's
more, on
Wednesday I was not aware that
the tragedy had had such a
large scope  and it had been so devastating okay
Likewise my opinion and I think that it is not
the time to debate it and to discuss it
Maybe later it could be my
opinion is that Marina was
unfortunate at the time of telling it
because just the day that day had happened
that for me was more unfortunate than what
Marina found out okay Why Because
Marina did not know And it did not occur to her that I mean
Marina did not know if
something had happened to Amparo at home that day
if she knows that
something was happening to Marina's mother when she sent those
messages to this man to Jose not
mayor eh It seems worse to me it
seems to me that she has had less empathy
with Marina than Marina with her but
well that between the two of them they fix it Okay,
I simply have it happened on my
channel and evidently I have to say
something
but whether it was part of the conflict that they
have They two okay and whether it was
part of the conflict that
they two have HM it seems disgusting and
completely
eh repulsive to try to use the
tragedy that has happened Taking advantage of the fact that
obviously all of Spain is devoted
to this to be like  if we
were against what against
the victims, I mean Marina what she has
said is one thing that doesn't take away the other, I
mean eh It doesn't take away what happened to
one with what happened to the other in
my opinion eh I mean one thing doesn't take away the
other it seems that eh it's like a
pulse Let's see who had it worse let's
see who had a bigger tragedy
and like now in these Look, it seems to me what was
done to Marina is ugly
Okay and Terrible and that doesn't mean that
well, well, I wish Amparo that whatever
loss she may have had and whatever it is, that she
recovers as soon as
possible, of course, I'm glad that she has
n't had a greater loss, neither
her nor anyone around her
HM but it's that they are talking like little
more and that and that I am the one who
threw the water in Valencia, I mean, it
seems completely regrettable okay It's not that
what what lack of empathy What
lack of No, no, I lack of empathy, I
have no lack of empathy there has
been with Marina in this story that has been
told, I  about Amparo I didn't
know I was told that Amparo didn't
live in the same area It turns out that she does
live on a street that has been
affected Well yes it's true that there has
n't been a human loss
she hasn't had a loss she is fine and that's the
important thing okay that doesn't take away one thing does
n't take away the other okay It's not the time
to discuss it of course It's not the
time to discuss it right now if
they two want to discuss it let them
discuss it the time has come but
man eh [ __ ] it seems that
empathy goes by neighborhood I repeat
what I said in the statement the other
day there was no empathy with what with what
Peppa did with the 240 empathy
no empathy Loli insulting my friend
throwing my friend medicance
We really do grab at
straws and at straws Burning and many
times the the the the tools we
use When we are not right
are very
disgusting the tools we often
use are very disgusting
eh But well I think that there is little more to
add and and wish you the best both
Amparo Hey and to the and I hope you can
talk  Look how little I knew Look how
little I knew about what had
happened to her and that I had barely related
what happened in Valencia with her. Look
how little I knew that on the live stream she was
saying that she had the doors
open in case she wanted to go up and give her
version or talk about something without me knowing what
Marina was going to say. Because I did
know about José Alcaide but I did
n't know about her but look
how little I knew at that time no but come on,
I'm just crazy about people
Oh but Oh what Look at those of you who are
using the suit to try point
number one bury what Marina said point number
one bury what
Marina said point number two attacking me
is really all that I'm reading on
Twitter and the nonsense that I'm reading you're
not doing it out of empathy for the victims
of Valencia you're doing it out of hatred for me
because you're driven by hatred for me
okay nobody had posted absolutely
anything not even a tweet for Amparo
until it happened here
eh that Marina told that look how
little  We knew if you didn't know everything
if you guys didn't know, those of you who are
talking about it, how would I know or how
would Marina know? But well, I said it,
okay. I don't know if Marina will want to
say something tomorrow or
not, but I understand that I hope it
stays there and I hope that look, I hope that
between them they can talk and clarify and
hopefully it will be understood between the
two of them, okay, without further ado, Marina will come tomorrow and
tomorrow we will have a little heart, and
Javi, who already has some calloa. Yes, I know, yes,
I know what this is about, I know, I know what it
is this time because it happened
and the day Marina told it coincided with this, with this tragedy, but if it hadn't coincided with this, well, it would have been something else. Okay, but oh well, that's it, let's not beat around the bush. Shut up. We already know that you ran over someone in Sierra
Nevada. How LoL is what it is, what's
missing? eh, that they accuse me of
murder,
eh, that they accuse me of murder would be
good,
eh, it would be, let's go, it would be like the
icing on the cake, it would be like  the icing on the cake of
what we're missing mother of God family
I'm going to the salsería for a little while m
and we'll see each other there Okay and thank you very much
for joining us and a big kiss a big kiss a big
kiss and lots of encouragement to the
Valencian people lots of strength and keep
moving forward
[Music]